Create rituals section for growth page of the handbook (#5092)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/growth.md

 
7. Once the above steps are completed, use the [Speaking events issue template](https://github.com/fleetdm/confidential/issues/new?assignees=mike-j-thomas&labels=&template=6-speaking-event.md&title=Speaking+event) to prepare speakers and participants for the event.

## Growth rituals

> The following rituals are engaged in by the  directly responsible individual (DRI) and at the frequency specified for the ritual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the Growth group's rituals, frequency, and Directly Responsible Individual (DRI).
```

| Ritual                       | Frequency                | Description                                         | DRI               |
|:-----------------------------|:-----------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------|-------------------|

> | Daily tweet         | Daily | Post Fleet-related content on Twitter.     | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Daily tweet         | Daily | Post Fleet content on Twitter.     | Drew Baker        |
```

> | Social engagement ritual     | Weeklly | Participate in 50 social media engagements per week.| Drew Baker        |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I'm moving this a couple of rows down to order the frequency chronologically.

> | Daily LinkedIn post        | Daily | Post Fleet-related content to LinkedIn.   | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Daily LinkedIn post        | Daily | Post Fleet content to LinkedIn.   | Drew Baker        |
```

> | Daily Twitter ritual         | Daily | Post Fleet content on Twitter.     | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Daily tweet         | Daily | Post Fleet-related content on Twitter.     | Drew Baker        |
```

> | Daily LinkedIn ritual        | Daily | Post Fleet content to LinkedIn.   | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Daily LinkedIn post        | Daily | Post Fleet-related content to LinkedIn.   | Drew Baker        |
```

> | osQuery jobs ritual          | Weekly | Post to @osqueryjobs two times per week.            | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Social engagement     | Weekly | Participate in 50 social media engagements per week.| Drew Baker        |  
| Osquery Jobs          | Weekly | Post to @osqueryjobs twice a week.            | Drew Baker        |
```

> | Enriching leads ritual       | Weekly | Follow the lead enrichment process every Friday.    | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enriching leads       | Weekly | Follow the lead enrichment process every Friday.    | Drew Baker        |
```

> | Outside contributions ritual | Weekly | Check pull requests for outside contributions every Monday. | Drew Baker|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Outside contributions | Weekly | Check pull requests for outside contributions every Monday. | Drew Baker|
```

> | Weekly blogpost ritual       | Weekly | Publish Fleet blog post once per week. Promote blog posts on socials once per week.| Drew Baker|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Weekly article       | Weekly | Publish an article and promote it on social media. | Drew Baker|
```

> | Weekly ins and outs ritual   | Weekly | Track ins and outs.        | Tim Kern          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Weekly ins and outs   | Weekly | Track Growth team ins and outs.        | Tim Kern          |
```

> | Podcast outreach ritual      | Weekly | Conduct podcast outreach twice per week.     | Drew Baker        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Podcast outreach      | Weekly | Conduct podcast outreach twice a week.     | Drew Baker        |
```

> | Monthly conference ritual    | Monthly | Check for conference openings and for conference sponsorships on the 1st of every month. | Drew Baker|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Monthly conference checks    | Monthly | Check for conference openings and sponsorship opportunities on the 1st of every month. | Drew Baker|
```

<meta name="maintainedBy" value="timmy-k">

> ## Growth Rituals

Reviewer 2: Fleet uses sentence case capitalization in headings:
https://fleetdm.com/handbook/brand#how-to-write-headings-subheadings

The following rituals are engaged in by the  directly responsible individual (DRI) and at the frequency specified for the ritual.

### Social Engagement Ritual: 
Participate in 50 social media engagements per week.  
DRI: Drew Baker

### Daily Twitter Ritual:
Post FleetDM content on Twitter every weekday.
DRI: Drew Baker

### Daily LinkedIn Ritual:
Post FleetDM Content to LinkedIn every weekday. 
DRI: Drew Baker

### osQuery Jobs Ritual: 
Post to @osqueryjobs two times per week.
DRI: Drew Baker

### Enriching Leads Ritual:
Follow the Lead Enrichment Process every Friday.
DRI: Drew Baker

### Outside Contributions Ritual:
Check PRs for outside contributions every Monday.
DRI: Drew Baker

### Weekly Blogpost Ritual:
Publish FleetDM blog post once per week.
Promote blog posts on socials once per week.

### Weekly Ins and Outs Ritual:
Track ins and outs once per week.
DRI: Tim Kern

### Podcast Outreach Ritual:
Conduct podcast outreach twice per week.
DRI: Drew Baker

### Monthly Conference Ritual:
Check for conference openings and for conference sponsorships on the 1st of every month.

> DRI: Drew Baker

Reviewer 2: Please put these in a markdown table.

<img width="428" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/618009/163096309-92ca24a4-5b59-48a3-942c-f39e7124f959.png">

https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C01ALP02RB5/p1649759301721849?thread_ts=1649758142.978949&cid=C01ALP02RB5

Author: Ah, had edited it for sentence case and then noticed this - will format as a table tonight!
